Brother Ye Xuan
I am the person closest to you
How can you not see it?
But for me
No matter which one you are
It's all you Ye Xuan
Shall we go?
Get out of here with me
I won't argue
I can I can take nothing
I can fight for the throne
Let's get out of here, okay?
I beg you.
Ye Xuan
In fact, you know better than anyone else
We've come this far.
How much effort did it take?
If we choose to escape now
What is all this that we've been through?
What is our daughter?
It'll be alright to chime in, I promise
I will definitely get him back
No matter how long it takes.
Snow go fast
Otherwise it will be too late.
I'm not leaving
Snow White
A demon is a demon
Put some more locks on me.
Analysis analysis analysis
analysis